Solutions
Industry >
Application >
Enterprise
Education >
Large Public Venues
Carrier Wi-Fi
Hospitality
Healthcare
Government
BYOD
Emergency Response
Stadiums and Arenas
Wi-Fi Certified Passpoint
VoWiFi
Wireless Security
Interactive Learning
Location Services
Managed Service Providers
Mobile Security
Classroom Management
Primary/Secondary Education
Higher Education
Products
Core Technology
Wireless Arrays
ArrayOS
Network Design and Surveys
Network Management
Network Services >
Accessories
Rapid Deployment Kits
Wi-Fi Inspector
Application Control
Guest Access Services
Location Services
Monitoring & Analysis Services
Performance Services
Security Services
Voice & Video Services
Resources
Case Studies
Solution Briefs
Industry Briefs
Data Sheets
Application Notes
Wi-Fi Posters
White Papers
Tools
Partners
Channel Partners
Technology Partners
Support
Warranty & Support
Company
Community >
Press Center
Leadership
Investors
Careers
Contact Us
XirrusBLOG
XirrusTV
Events/Webinars


Company

Leadership
Investors
Press Center
Events
Careers
Contact Us
How to Buy
 


Mobility is now the norm. People expect to connect without wires. Organizations depend on it. The explosion of tablets and smartphones has seen to that. According to the Wi-Fi Alliance, there are more than 800 million wireless-enabled devices being produced every year. Innovative organizations are using those devices to engage with their customers, transforming business models, and ensuring connectivity under even the most demanding circumstances.

We were founded on the premise that “wireless would replace wired as the primary choice for network access” and we continue to seek after that vision — transforming wired to wireless by providing the most powerful, scalable, and trusted wireless access solutions to organizations who increasingly depend for day-to-day operations.



We are incredibly passionate about what we create. And we do it a little differently. We enjoy challenging the wireless status quo by doing things differently...doing things better...doing things right.  We go beyond the specs and initial sale.  We engage with our customers through the ultimate value of what our solutions bring: wireless access under even the most demanding circumstances.



When we make a customer’s wireless network as reliable as wired, workflow accelerates. When we design a wireless solution that handles critical applications flawlessly, productivity improves. And when we deliver rich-media streaming wirelessly, in super dense user environments, satisfaction rises. Wireless isn’t a “nice-to-have” anymore. Done right, it’s a strategic IT infrastructure advantage that fuels your organization. And we do it right.

Through product invention and system design, commitment to customer success, and the industry’s best price performance, we give you confidence that your wireless network performs when and where needed.



The possibilities of wireless are endless. Day in and day out, we work to achieve and realize them. Our technology is what it is. It’s better than the rest. We’ve tested and proved. The future of wireless overtaking wired is here. The industry knows it. Present facts, findings, results and anecdotes—that support our product positioning—in a straightforward, unvarnished manner. They’re more compelling that way.

When it comes to operation-critical wireless networking, no company does it better than Xirrus.  Our Array-based architecture delivers a level of wireless security, performance, and reliability as good as, or better than wired networks. Compared to conventional thin APs and controllers, the wireless Arrays integrate from 2 to 16 integrated radios, a high-gain directional antenna system, multi-gigabit switch/controller, firewall, and threat sensor into a single access device that can support an additional 16 remote radios from the same chassis.  

This innovative architecture provides 4X the coverage and up to 8X the bandwidth and capacity of the conventional thin AP architectures. That means fewer devices, cables, switch ports, and maintenance expenses, all while delivering flawless and secure wireless access under the most demanding circumstances.







